what have you also Lando drones and
today I am answering all of your
pressing questions so without further
ado let's get into it what's the best
way to get me to a supernatural
convention I've never been on
supernatural and I don't think it's
appropriate for actors to go to
conventions for shows that they've never
been on before because that's just like
weird people who do that
there'll be no there they're kind of
like children of Satan it's just not
it's not kosher
plus it's nasty any news on rebooting a
different world well last I heard Rachel
Dolezal was in talks to play what Lee
Gilbert Justin Bieber you're supposed to
play delaying Wayne that's the last
thing I heard give me your best Chuck
Norris joke Chuck Norris would I accept
work on Supernatural for one Episode
well I I accept work for pay all the
time I don't accept work for no pay
because that's slavery I like you know
internships this is my intern right here
say you can talk but again gonna make it
weird
you know what it gone this is this one
you can't hire white women that's why
you can't have white women this is diven
stipend is on the ground hold the light
do you think this peruvian man would be
hanging out with me if i wasn't paying
them no it's not like that these people
are being paid but you got to get back
on the ground hold on what's wrong what
you do why go make sure we have focused
why does everybody hate Chris that's the
question and I think make Chris goes
chris is an asshole wait hold on what's
Chris I'll be talking about Chris Brown
Chris Evans Chris Hemsworth
Chris Pratt Chris and poopoo new
Christian Chuckie Chris Rock Kris
Kringle Chris Griffin from PETA and Lois
Griffin as noise Chris Christie from New
Jersey Chris
love again spill you got to be more
specific I honestly it's hard for me
that I can't answer the question I don't
know what Kris would be really talking
about what's my favorite childhood
memory
I'd say any time I was going to eat up
until I was 14 months old when I was a
baby like at any time was off to change
money for nothing then your titties was
free I don't mean a sadistic way I mean
that in like the bonding that happens
when you know between a parent and a
child Zoey
you know the breastfeeding stage is
really beautiful you know my mom is
there for me like big time you know say
like two o'clock in the morning like get
up uh hungry do you like cocoa I got you
I got you that's just a lot of stress to
put on a person cuz honestly I mean if
somebody wanted to just be all up on my
nipples all times a day and night for
like a couple of years and I ain't got
nothing to say about it as a hassen a
lot what's my favorite part of
Wilmington and will I read your script
so my first question is are you talking
about Wilmington North Carolina are
Wilmington Delaware I'm not sure which
Wilmington exactly we're talking about
so let's get more specific on that will
I read your script well this puts me in
a really difficult situation because I
have to admit something that I really
was not really prepared to admit and
that is
I can't read so it'd be really difficult
for me to read your script because I
don't know how to do that yeah sorry
about that
I can't ever read anybody's book
thanks for watching a view at comic-con
uh naked in your bedroom or sitting on
the toilet you know wherever you are let
me know down below